the force is with us here at comic-con
in San Diego you've just had a brief
glimpse at an incredibly exciting
announcement for Microsoft and lucasarts
that's right the xbox 360 limited
edition kinect Star Wars bundle has just
been unveiled the bundle will include
the custom-designed r2d2 console along
with his counterpart c-3po in wireless
controller form and for the first time
we've created an all-white Kinect sensor
also included our copy of kinect star
wars kinect adventures and the biggest
hard drive we've ever made for xbox 360
320 gigabytes of storage right in your
console we spoke with Richard Hanks from
Microsoft and hedge torba from lucasarts
about the design of the bundle it was
pretty it was pretty daunting you know
when when we heard xbox and Star Wars
everyone said yes you know I want in and
that's what get involved but there was
also a lot of pressure I mean I think
there were some signature elements that
when you look at this from across the
room there's that first read and you
want you know whether it's the sound or
the design details you want to say oh
wow that's that's our to detune you when
you walk closer there's that second read
of how of how Chris the details are and
then there's that third read for the
core fan and we have we have like the
the industrial automaton logo on the
back and you won't know that if you're
kind of a casual fan but for the core
fan you like yes you know they got that
in there I think there's something
really that was done special with this
and it's kind of side to the hard core
audience as well as is we didn't want to
plaster it with Star Wars and I think we
did that one spot to say this is Star
Wars but you won't see Star Wars
branding all over this this so a person
that's probably not the hardest core fan
will understand what this is and I mean
it's a testament it's a Ferrari design
mixed with the 70s elements of no artoo
and c3po and how do you take these
Americana characters that have become
global and put them into a package at
first you might walk into a room and see
this controller on someone's coffee
table and say oh what's the gold control
I've never seen the gold xbox
controller and then as you get closer
you start to see the wires and you have
that like oh no way is this kind of this
reminds me of the Threepio and then
across the room you see the the art too
and so it's really that kind of that
first second and third and to put the
whole story together you know sitting
sitting in a photography studio and you
have c-3po walking in and you know are
two walking in its it was a surreal
moment where we could take the
controller and the gold was in
development that's shade of gold and I
could take it and literally hold it up
to c-3po to see if it was the right
shade that was I was amazing this
special console also comes with unique
r2d2 sounds when you power up the
console or eject the disc tray for the
sounds it was there are two sounds very
emotional and there are negative sounds
they're scared sounds we wanted sounds
to have a very positive happy feeling
that you know you're getting ejected for
the first time and there should be a
smile moment there and you're putting in
the Kinect game and and you want to
build it and continue that exciting
thank you so much to Richard it has for
taking us through the design of the
console now for more details check out
my blog at Major Nelson calm now for
more comic con coverage stay tuned right
here on inside Xbox in the coming days
I'm Larry herb xbox live's Major Nelson
the force be with you